How does tracking and adding changes make developers' lives easier? Tracking and adding changes helps developers keep track of their thought process through the course of a project. It allows them to work on a section of a project separately without the risk of damaging the master branch.
What is a commit? A commit is the save point in git. It acts as a 'checkpoint' in that it preserves the code in its current state, and allows you to refer back to that specific commit.
What are the best practices for commit messages? The best practices for commit messages are: a short description of <50 characters that acts like a subject line, present tense verbs, includes motivation for change
What does the HEAD^ argument mean? It is a command to revert back to the last commit in case you decide you want to change some of the files after the fact.
What are the 3 stages of a git change and how do you move a file from one stage to the other? 1. Pull recent changes to ensure local and remote versions of repository are the same: [git checkout master, git pull origin master]. 2. Merge changes from master into your feature branch [git checkout feature-branch-name, git merge master]. 3. Push feature branch to remote fork [git push origin feature branch name].
Write a handy cheatsheet of the commands you need to commit your changes? See above
What is a pull request and how do you create and merge one? A pull request is when you merge the changes on your branch into the master branch. The workflow is as follows: Create a new branch from the command line > Check out the branch > Write and commit some code > Push the branch to GitHub > Issue a pull request to the master branch.
Why are pull requests preferred when working with teams? Pull requests are preferred when working with teams because when the request is made, it presents a good opportunity for the code that the person is requesting to be added to be reviewed by the rest of the group. The owners of the master branch can test the code and make sure it is correct before adding it to the master branch.
Go through the git workflow you just established and add your reflection to the file. (If you are creating a video reflection, add the video link to your reflection file.)
Add your changes, commit them, and make a pull request to your repository.
Merge the pull request into your master branch